# Chapter 1 - The Revelation

The year 2090.
Day 23.

Exactly five years had passed since Azhar left the public scene, and the entire world changed along with his final actions. Most people ended up simply choosing to keep their share of things, earning comfortably from the profits of Zion to live simple, satisfying lives without needing to even work. The few with far greater dreams were also able to achieve them for the part, with several people reaping big profits from their own ventures and reaching the highest echelons of the Zion power structure as well. But none had any clue as to what the old man himself was upto. None until they all switched on their TVs to the Global News Channel (GNC) for the morning bit, and all it showed was a countdown to 12:00 PM for a live speech of Azhar. People all around the world scrambled to make themselves free by that time so as to not miss even the slightest bit. Discussion erupted all across the world for what it could be, what could he have been working on for the past 5 years. Azhar was at his peak the worlds top expert on AI and a giant in the software industry with his god-level programming languages' knowledge. So everyone had a slight idea as to kind of the things he could have worked on, but they ranged from the far right "Means to talk to God" to "Extra-terrestrials communications device" to "AI that runs the world". Each one as crazy as the other, everyone wondered what it could be that kept even the old man busy for 5 years.

The moment the clock struck 12:00 hours GST (Global Standard Time), the blue countdown screen of the GNC changed to a very beautiful scene. Azhar was sitting peacefully, in a luxurious armchair, high up on one of the spires of the Black Castle. The wind was but a fair breeze even at that height (not surprising since the city of Avalon was covered by a protective dome) and the wrinkles on his face displayed his serenity and calm far greater than the still evident signs of fatigue and pain. The old man had become quite old indeed. He looked into the camera drone, and smiled.

*"Welcome. To all my beloved brothers and sisters. It has been far too long since i have spoken to people, albeit even indirectly, so kindly forgive me for any misgivings in my words. This video was recorded and saved with only one purpose. To release it on the event of my death, and set into motion my final plan for the world, my final gift. The means and the path you all would need to take in order to inherit the remaining 51% of my stake in Zion"
			"I have built a game. One that offers every person entering with the complete freedom to pursue the path of their choice. But for all the infinite possible paths you could take, the final objective remains but one. To unify the world. What that means and how you can achieve it in this game is all left to the AI who controls it all - Gaia."
"As for my final words, I believe my time in this plane is soon coming to a fruitful end. And i sincerely believe that despite all that will follow, my rightful heir will win the game and do more for this world than what i was capable off. If not, the world still retains the choice of choosing its own fate/destiny, and the winner (whomsover it may be at the end) will receive the keys to the Black Castle and the complete control of Zion. The game is simply named HOPE, to remind us all always of the fact that regardless of how bad it gets, how despairing and lost we may be, we always have the choice to hope. To pray, try, and fight until the very end for the sake of hope. I hope my final gift will let me leave this world a far better place than what it could have been. Henceforth Gaia will handle all my remaining dues, and i shall take a much needed break, leaving the fate of the world in the hands of each one of you. Farewell!"*

The telecast was followed immediately by just a voice in a pitch black screen. It was a caring, soft voice that sounded just as bit as real and genuine as that of a mother that had just given birth and was speaking to her newborn. No one had in the slightest doubt who she was, but she started with her introduction nevertheless.
*"My name is Gaia, and i have been entrusted with the responsibility of maintaining the HOPE system, as well as decide and guide the winner of the game who will go on to carry forward the legacy of my creator, Azhar. Tonight at 24:00 GST, the core HOPE system will go live. In the next few months it will expand to the full system, until which they are of no relevance to all the players in the game anyways. I will give a brief explanation on the system post which the countdown will start. The game will be similar to the archaic VRMMO games in function, but playable on the Universal VR Module (UVRM). It can be played at anytime, and the system will follow the same time as that of the GST, with great care having gone into ensuring the sense of time ingame remains the same as that in reality. The system also does not let the player to be continuously online for more than 6 hours without a break of atleast 15 minutes, and for more than 20 hours without a break of 4 hours. There are also absolutely no means to influence - by any means - any aspect ingame - with real life money or assets, albeit except for the players themselves wherein the only thing that matters is each individual's choices alone. All that is needed to join is a personal UVRM and your Global Identification Number (GIN). Anyone who does not possess a UVRM can request for one at any one of the 2000 Zion welfare centers (ZWC). But please be warned that all players are supposed to have only one account, and any other modes/means to try and cheat in this game are punishable by permanent suspension. The victory condition, to echo my creator, is to simple unify the whole world. World domination, having the highest possible faith, complete mastery over all, destroying the world itself, or bringing peace to the world are all paths to victory. It is only upto you however to make that choice. Visit the site hope.vr to register for the game and also understand the HOPE system. The countdown to 'live' begins now ..."*
'Countdown: 11 hours 30 minutes 42 seconds left'

People all over the world found themselves suddenly in various predicaments. There were the significant number of them who did not use the UVRM. It was used majorly for entertainment purposes, also education, simulations/testing and gaming, and so remained something owned for the most part by only teenagers. Another large number of people who had always blamed the misgivings of their children and the society on games, found themselves hurrying to ZWCs to get their own UVRM. Several others also set about creating Guilds and Organizations even before the game went live. The top gaming companies and teams were already preparing their entire roster of players towards starting in HOPE. All in all it was utter chaos around the world with almost everyone not letting go of the heavenly chance to become the most powerful person in the world.

Whereas the ones that had finished the initial preparations, stocked up on a month's worth of food, had gone onto understand the intricacies of the HOPE system and also about Gaia. They were shocked by the sheer scale and complexity of the game system.

__ THE HOPE SYSTEM __
1. Version - 1.0.1
2. Player Capacity - 100 Billion
3. Servers - 1
4. World Size/Area - 3 ESA (3 times that of Earth's total surface area)
5. Time - Aligned to GST (1:1)
6. Player identity -
	- Base Class = Race (12)(choice) -> Faction (3)(not a choice)
	- Secondary Class = Path/Profession (20)(choice)
	- Tertiary Class = 
		- Elemental Affinity (8)(choice)
		- Gender (2)(choice)
		- Weaponry specialization (6)(choice)
7. Currency - 
	- Major = Platinum/Gold/Silver/Bronze coins
	- Minor = 30 types (used across trading, crafting, forging, fighting, research, alchemy)
8. ...

The list of details was quite exhausting and a bit much to take in for even the professional gamers, while being mind-bogglingly complex to the majority who had very little prior gaming experience. Although since it was still just an VRMMO in the end, the extent to which prior experience being necessary was very negligible and so few lost heart in the very beginning itself. Everyone stayed glued to their screens, desperately going over and over again through the HOPE system details, while keeping one eye on the countdown. The smart ones however were using up the remaining time to get some additional sleep and rest in. They wanted to maximize the time post the system going live towards the maximum limit possible before which the system would forcibly close their session. While the whole world watched and waited with baited breaths, three ordinary souls from three corners of the world had no idea their fates were going to change forever.