# Metadata

- Author: Varun V
- Genre: VRMMO, Fantasy, Sci-Fi, Action, Post-Apocalyptic
- Set Year: 2087
(svaradarajan - galadriel7ZXC!@#)

# Introduction

The year 2085.
Day 23.

Marking 20 years since the last world war, that decimated 90% of the population, humanity had slowly recovered from most of the damage that was done then. Large parts of the world still remained uninhabitable due to the residual radiation from the nukes of old, that had also burned itself into the memories of most alive to the fact that deep down humanity was but a walking time-bomb that lacked the bare minimum capability to ensure its own survival, let alone that of the planet. But time moves on, and Earth was a far greater force than humanity could ever hope to be. Without any help from the perpretrators of the damage done to her, she was slowly recovering. Slowly, but surely, life started again even on those largely devastated places. New fauna, mutated by humanity's nukes and evolved by Mother Earth's grace, and new flora came up all around the world. Weather had also started stabilizing around the world, with acid rains becoming more or less a rare event in but the roughest of the places. All of this inspiring mankind to dream, hope, and wish for greater things again.

The world had more or less become a united, singular entity now. Administration being under the complete control of the United Nations, all weaponry and military forces in the world was but under the control of one person, the Supreme Chairman of the UN. He was an old, quiet and benevolent man named Azhar, who was one of the chief architects of the 2067 Peace Resolution that brought an end to the devastating World War 3. His conglomerate Zion had an almost complete monopoly in the Internet industry, as well in retail, consulting, banking, transportation and telecommunications. Pouring large amounts of money from his own personal coffers towards the war recovery actions, he had quickly garnered the support of the entire world and faced no issues in taking over the mantle of the One at the Top of The World. In the 20 years that followed, he succeeded in uplifting the large populations of people hurt from the war. Rehabilitation was the foremost priority, and after resolving water and healthcare issues, he moved onto transportation and logistics. Local administration efforts followed, post which the top priority became the economy. Up until now the existing population had found ample work, and hence means for survival from the post-war efforts. Most jobs in the manufacturing, supply-chain, software and other major sectors were gone .... replaced by AI and automated machinery. Now that most of the construction and menial work were done as well, fears of a worldwide job crunch was eerily looming. Even the people who worked with AI and robots feared losing not just their means to earn, but the purpose to living itself. But Azhar was no fool. He had set into motion his next plan for humanity long back...

By 2085 Zion single-handedly owned close to 90% of the entire world economy. Though there were few other private entities that stll vied for its place in the world, most of the 1 billion people left in the world either worked for Zion, the UN or in the agricultural sector, the one job that has ensured humanity went on the see another new day since the past 20000 years. The usual rebels however had made their place and peace in the deepest corners of the darkweb, albeit confined to doing much smaller crimes in life in the new world. Azhar completely owned Zion as well, always ensuring he never ceded a single piece of the pie or control to another individual. And so in the month of Januray, on the 23rd day of the year, he made a shocking declaration to the world.
	*"I have become quite old. Far older than i ever dreamed i would be when i was much younger, selling copper plates in the market streets of Ladiah. Yet i grew up to become someone with not just the power over, but also the responsibility towards the survivors of our race. I hope i have done my best so far towards fulfilling the role handed upon to me by the people of this world, and as my last step towards it all, i would like to declare that 49% of the entire stock i own at Zion will be distributed equally to all the men and women over the age of 16. This also marks the start of private capitalization in the world, and an opportunity for all the people in the world to do something new, to choose the path in life they want to take, and the freedom to do so. I will be devoting myself to a personal project for the next few years, at the end of which i will have had made my decision as to how and where the remaining 51% of Zion will go to. Farewell until then"*
Leaving the entire world in shock, he confined himself to the floating city of Avalon, the command center of the UN and an exclusive location only accessible to the top echelons of the population. Meanwhile the top management of Zion having had prior knowledge and specific instructions as to the proceedings further, dilligently and sincerely set about carrying forward the wishes of Azhar. Half of all Zion assets, cash, holdings were all transferred onto the Global Stock Enchange (the singular exchange in the world) and distributed equally in terms of value among the adult population of the world. People all over the world scrambled, the ones who had little interest in hoping for a far richer future liquidating it immediately, and the ones who dreamed of far greater things trying to buy out others. they hoped to accumulate enough to either follow their own dreams or rise higher in the management ranks of Zion. The next few years while the whole world slowly tried to adapt to the new reailty thrust abruptly upon them, the man responsible for it all spent his time deep inside his Black Castle in the Skies, at the apex of Avalon, working on his greatest gift to humanity. Purpose.
